{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang16393{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi720\li2160\b\f0\fs32\lang1033 CURRICULUM  VITAE\fs28\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\ri-1726\tx10082\tx10224 Name :   \b0 KRISHNAKUMAR  S.  SHARMA\fs24  \fs28   \par
\b\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Contact Number\b0   \b :\b0    09328437209 , 07874686193 , (079)27620433\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\ri-1726\tx10082\tx10224\b\par
E-Mail  \b0 : {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:krishnasharma49@indiatimes.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\fs28 krishnasharma49@}}}}\cf2\f0\fs28 yahoo.co.in\cf0\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar                {\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:krishnasharma49@"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\fs28 krishnasharma49@}}}}\f0\fs28 gmail.com\cf2   \cf0\b\par
\b0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\b\par
Career Objective \b0  :\cf2   To utilize my knowledge, skill, experience in an organization which will  benefit  to  both my  working  organization  &  me  and to excel in work.\cf0\ul\b\fs32\par
Educational Qualification :\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trrh782\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs28 Examination \cell Month and Year of Course \cell Board / University \cell Percentage\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trrh386\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fs28 M.C.A. \cell May \endash  2011\cell Gujarat  University \cell 55\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trrh350\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fs28 P.G.D.C.S.A.\cell July \endash  2009\cell Gujarat  University \cell 54\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fs28 B.Sc.(Statistics) \cell April-1999\cell S.P. University\cell 63\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fs28 H. S. C.(12\super th\nosupersub )\cell March-1994 \cell GSEB , Gandhinagar \cell 48\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-168\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1853\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx4303\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx7262\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9580 
\pard\intbl\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fs28 S. S. C. (10\super th\nosupersub )\cell March-1992 \cell GSEB , Gandhinagar \cell 72\fs24\cell\row 
\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\tx1530\fs28\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\ul\b\fs32 Job Experience : \ulnone\b0\fs28\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li972\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar\b Educational / IT field job experience :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li972 Worked as "Computer Teacher" in H.B. Kapadia School, Memnagar, Ahmedabad.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as \ldblquote IELTS Faculty and English Grammar Faculty\rdblquote  in Uniconnect Overseas Consultancy, Gandhinagar.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as \ldblquote Creya Coach [Consultant]\rdblquote  in Creya Learning, Hyderabad.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as \ldblquote IELTS Trainer\rdblquote  in Winny Immigration and Education Services Private Limited, Ahmedabad.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked as \ldblquote IELTS Faculty \ldblquote  in Angel Edunext, Ahmedabad.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked in Rao Smart Coaching, Ahmedabad  for Australian Skill Development Academy as visiting  \ldblquote Computer ( IT) Faculty\rdblquote .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked in  Mother Dairy as \ldblquote IT  professional\rdblquote .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked  in K.S. College of Science , Management and Technology , S. P. University , V.V. Nagar ( Anand) as \ldblquote Lecturer for BCA and  BBA(ISM)  courses  \ldblquote   . \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked in Kohinoor Technical Institute ,Kishor Plaza , Anand  as \ldblquote Computer and English Faculty\rdblquote\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\li972\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent972{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar     \b Sales / Marketing / Business Development field job experience :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li972 Working  and  doing  business  for 11 companies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Worked in HDFC Bank as \ldblquote Contract Sales Executive\rdblquote .\b\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar    \b0\par
    \b BPO/ KPO/ Telesales field job experience :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li972 I have worked as \ldblquote Process Associate \endash  Hitachi Process\rdblquote  in Ascendum KPO.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}I have worked as \ldblquote Telesales Executive\rdblquote  (International calling - US and UK process ) in Reckon Infotech Software Solutions ,V. V. Nagar (Anand ).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}I have worked  as \ldblquote  Online Chat Representative \rdblquote  ( US \endash  process)  in  Effective Teleservices Inc.( MNC ) , Infocity ,Gandhinagar.\ul\b\fs32\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Computer knowledge and Software Skills  : \ulnone\b0\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Languages                     :  Pascal , C ,C ++ ,COBOL \endash 85, PHP,   ASP.NET,   PL/SQL,             Core  JAVA,   Advance  JAVA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Package                          :  Lotus  1-2-3 , MS \endash  Office \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Front \endash  End                    :  Visual Basic 6.0 , ASP ,HTML\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Database                         :  SQL , MS \endash Access                         \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Operating System           : Windows, Linux , Unix \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Accounting Software      : Tally \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Multimedia                      : FLASH\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Passed \b CCC\b0  \b exam \b0 conducted  by \b DOEACC \b0  with  grade \endash  A .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Successfully completed \b  Oracle  Database Administration  ( Oracle  DBA ) course\b0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Successfully completed \b Oracle Certified Java Associate (OCJA) course\ul\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Sotware  projects completed  :\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 Completed  2 software  projects  in Visual Basic 6.0.\ul\b\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar Courses, Examinations and Certifications:\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 Successfully completed \b English and Public Speaking\b0   course( \b Dipti Shah\b0 ), \b Business English \b0 Certificate \b (BEC)\b0  Preliminary Exam(University of Cambridge), \b IELTS\b0  Exam(British Council), \b Teaching Knowledge Test\b0  (\b TKT\b0 ) \b Module \endash  1, Module  - 2 and Module - 3 , CLIL (Content and Language Integrated Learning)   module\b0  Exam (Cambridge  English  Language Assesssment, Part of  University of Cambridge), \b BULATS\b0   B2 level (University of Cambridge), \b French Language\b0  Level  A1 and A2  course(Alliance Francaise),\b  NASSCOM  ACCESSMENT OF COMPETENCE\b0  exam for BPO-ITES industry, \b Tally Certified Professional\b0  exam , \b Amazon Trained E-Commerce Specialist\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Passed many exams of \b Hindi\b0  Language ( Gujarat Vidyapith ), \b Sanskrit\b0  Language ( Shri Bruhad Gujarat Sanskrit Parisad ), \b Drawing \b0 ( Gujarat State Exam Board ) ,\b  Music\b0 ( Gandharv Mahavidyalaya) , \b Essay Writing\b0  (Bank of India and Gujarat Vidyapith ).\ul\b\fs32\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Other Activities :\ulnone\b0\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 Participated and passed  \b NCC  \lquote B\rquote\b0  certificate examination, \b NCC camps\b0 , \b Rock Climbing and Mountaineering  camps,  Kabbadi, Basketball\b0  Championship at Gujarat state level, STUDENT ON PATROL activity by \b Gujarat Police\b0 .\ul\b\fs32\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Achievements :\ulnone\b0\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 Appreciated by Ex. Chief Minister, Gujarat Anandiben Patel and IAS Officer(District Development Officer), Ahmedabad, Gujarat State and  District Education Officer, Ahmedabad, Gujarat State for my work in Creya Learning job.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Selected as BEST CADET during the NCC training of NCC Group Headquarters.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Awarded prize in  \b\i Drill Competition \b0\i0 during NCC training\b\i .\ul\i0\fs32\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Membership :\ulnone\b0\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\ldblquote\b Life member \b0\ldblquote  in (1)Youth Hostels Association of India , Chanakyapuri , New Delhi. (2) M. J. Library , Ahmedabad  Municipal Corporation , Ahmedabad. (3)Gujarat Vidyapith  Library , Gujarat Vidyapith , Ahmedabad. (4)Public Library , Anand  Municipality , Anand. (5)Gujarati Sahitya Parisad, Ahmedabad. (6)ISKCON ( International Society for Krishna Consciousness ). (7)Gujarat Statistical Association, Gujarat  University, Ahmedabad. (8) Gujarat Ganit Mandal (Gujarat Mathematical Association), Gujarat  University, Ahmedabad. (9) Alliance Francaise d\rquote Ahmedabad.\ul\b\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar Personnel strength and qualities \ulnone\b0 :\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 Positive attitude, Good knowledge, Good education, Leadership qualities, Good communication, Experienced, Good family background, Consistent achiever.\par

\pard\hyphpar0\widctlpar  \ul\b Personnel profile :\ulnone\par
Name                                :      \b0  KRISHNAKUMAR SOMDUTT SHARMA\b\par
Father\rquote s Name                 :      \b0  Somdutt  Hajarilal  Sharma \par
                        ( Retired  Deputy Superitendant  of  Police , Gujarat , India) \par
                        ( U.S.A. Permanent Resident  - U.S.A. Green Card Holder )      \b\par
Date of Birth                    :   \b0     7 th September , 1977 \b\par
Gender                              :      \b0  Male \b\par
Marital Status                  :       \b0 Married\b\par
Religion                            :    \b0     Hindu Brahmin\b\par
Language Known            :    \b0     English , Hindi ,Gujarati ,Rajasthani, French\b\par
Place of Birth                   :\b0         Bagsara (Gujarat)\b\par
Address                             :       \b0  8,Ramvadi Society,\par
                                                    Nirnay Nagar,\par
                                                    Nava Vadaj,\par
                                                    Ahmedabad  \endash   382481         GUJARAT            INDIA\b\par
Hobbies                             :     \b0  Music, Sports, Reading, Watching T.V. & films\par
Reference  will  be provided  at  the  time  of  interview  if  needed.\par
The above information is true to the best of my knowledge .\par
\par
(KRISHNA  SHARMA)\par
\par
                                                 \par
\par
\b\par
\b0\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 